---
title: Home
description: Freelance Full Stack Developer
---

::u-page-hero
---
class: mt-10
id: homeHero
headline: Freelance Full Stack Developer
---
#title
  :::text-anim
    Wouter Vernaillen
  :::

#description
  :::text-anim-alt{delay=0.1}
    Java,
  :::
  :::text-anim-alt{delay=0.4}
    Spring,
  :::
  :::text-anim-alt{delay=0.7}
    Nuxt
  :::
  :::text-anim-alt{delay=0.9}
    &
  :::
  :::text-anim-alt{delay=1.1}
    DevOps
  :::

#links
  :::u-button
  ---
  label: Career
  to: /career
  color: primary
  size: xl
  variant: solid
  trailing-icon: i-heroicons-arrow-right-20-solid
  ---
  :::

  :::u-button
  ---
  label: Projects
  to: /projects
  color: primary
  size: xl
  variant: outline
  trailing-icon: i-heroicons-arrow-right-20-solid
  ---
  :::
::

:::u-page-section
---
features:
  - title: Strong expertise on both Front- and Backend development.
    description: Allowing me to deliver full-stack solutions for the web.
    icon: i-tabler-stack-2-filled
  - title: Nuxt
    description: The frontend framework I love for building fast, responsive websites.
    icon: i-tabler-stack-forward
  - title: Api Development & Integration
    description: Lot's of experience in developing and integrating APIs with Java &
      Spring Framework.
    icon: i-tabler-stack-backward
  - title: Quality Assurance
    description: A keen eye for detail and a passion for quality assurance.
    icon: i-custom-qa
  - title: DevOps
    description: Setting up and maintaining CI/CD pipelines and deploying
      applications in the cloud.
    icon: i-tabler-infinity
links:
  - label: Expertise
    variant: subtle
    trailing-icon: i-heroicons-arrow-right
    size: lg
    to: /expertise
  - label: Career
    trailing-icon: i-heroicons-arrow-right
    size: lg
    to: /career
reverse: true
description: With 25 years of experience, I've crafted everything from the first
  static HTML sites to cutting-edge web portals with seamless back-end
  integrations for government organizations.
id: homepageSection1
class: homepageSection
orientation: horizontal
---
  ::div{class="homepageSectionPicture mt-4 h-full"}
    ::::the-lazy-image
    ---
    show-ring: true
    alt: Passion for Web Development
    src: /images/index/vernaillen_a_laptop_on_the_table_of_a_tropical_co-working_space_eaa2867c-3098-421c-9bef-3a083677200c.png
    ---
    ::::
  ::

#title
  ::::text-anim
  Passion for Web Development
  ::::
:::

:::u-page-section
---
features:
  - title: Easy to use
    description: Easily fetch content from WordPress using composables and render it
      with Nuxt components. Based on standard Gutenberg blocks.
    icon: i-heroicons-check
  - title: Familiar backend for editors
    description: Many website owners or content editors are already familiar with
      the WordPress backend.
    icon: i-ic-baseline-wordpress
  - title: Cutting edge frontend
    description: Use the full power of the modern frontend framework that is Nuxt,
      allowing you to build stunning and fast cutting-edge websites that
      convert.
    icon: i-logos-nuxt-icon
links:
  - label: Discover WPNuxt
    variant: subtle
    trailing-icon: i-heroicons-arrow-up-right
    size: lg
    to: https://wpnuxt.com
    target: _blank
description: A brand new Nuxt module to use WordPress as a headless CMS with a
  Nuxt frontend.
orientation: horizontal
class: homepageSection
url: https://wpnuxt.com
---
  ::div{class="homepageSectionPicture mt-4 h-full"}
    ::::the-lazy-image{show-ring alt="WPNuxt" src="/images/index/wpnuxt.png"}
    ::::
  ::

#title
  ::::text-anim
  Developing the WPNuxt module
  ::::
:::

::parallax
  :::u-page-section
  ---
  features:
    - title: Committed to my clients
      description: I'm with you all the way, committed until the end of the project
        and beyond.
      icon: i-ic-baseline-commit
    - title: Rolling up my sleeves
      description: I'm a hands-on developer, not afraid to get my hands dirty and code myself.
      icon: i-heroicons-star
    - title: Techie with a heart
      description: I care about what your project means to you and to your clients and
        customers.
      icon: i-heroicons-heart
  description: How I help my clients
  ---
  #title
    ::::text-anim
    My Values
    ::::
  :::
::

::parallax
  :::u-page-section
  ---
  description: What my clients & co-workers are writing about me
  ---
    ::::u-page-columns
      :::::reveal
        ::::::u-page-card
        ---
        description: Wouter's expertise in IBM Websphere portal helped us in reaching
          key projects. His ability to think user-led allows to work rapidly and meet
          expectations.
        ---
          :::::::u-user
          ---
          avatar:
            src: /images/index/1560369739694.jpeg
          description: Online Sales & Marketing Manager B2B at Van Marcke
          name: Björn Minne
          ---
          :::::::
        ::::::
      :::::
    
      :::::reveal
        ::::::u-page-card
        ---
        description: Wouter is a dedicated professional with who I had the pleasure to
          work with on two strategic projects at Van Marcke. He was the go to IT
          professional and project leader on both the new intranet and the roll out of
          an enterprise wide search engine and social media collaboration platform.
          Wouter is also a great colleague to work with and a strong team player and
          leader. I would recommend him without hesitation.
        ---
          :::::::u-user
          ---
          avatar:
            src: /images/index/1697207150806.jpeg
          description: Chief Social Media Officer & CSR Coordinator.
          name: Philip Borremans
          ---
          :::::::
        ::::::
      :::::
    
      :::::reveal
        ::::::u-page-card
        ---
        description: Wouter's passion for technology and dedication to success have made
          and continue to make it a pleasure to work with him. The combination of a
          broad interest with deep knowledge & experience make for a great developer
          cocktail.
        ---
          :::::::u-user
          ---
          avatar:
            src: /images/index/1516237245090.jpeg
          description: Senior Consultant at IBM
          name: Jonathan Bosmans
          ---
          :::::::
        ::::::
      :::::
    
      :::::reveal
        ::::::u-page-card
        ---
        description: Extremely skilled developer that delivers high output and excellent quality.
        ---
          :::::::u-user
          ---
          avatar:
            src: /images/index/1699534602857.jpeg
          description: IT Team Lead at UPM-Kymmene
          name: Davy Vanherbergen
          ---
          :::::::
        ::::::
      :::::
    
      :::::reveal
        ::::::u-page-card
        ---
        description: Ik had het genoegen samen met Wouter te werken op het IDEWE
          IT-project Klantenportaal. Vooral de aangename, rustige manier van overleggen
          van Wouter is een pluspunt binnen de hectiek van deadlines en onverwachte
          issues en bugs. Daarnaast beschikt Wouter over een scherp analytisch vermogen
          en kan hij problemen/oplossingen in begrijpbare taal overbrengen naar de rest
          van het team (wat ook uit niet-software people bestaat). Wouter levert correct
          op wat van hem gevraagd word en hij denkt zelf na over mogelijke alternieven
          van eerder gedefinieerde oplossingen. Ik kijk al uit naar de volgende
          samenwerking!
        ---
          :::::::u-user
          ---
          avatar:
            src: /images/index/1563368078430.jpeg
          description: Key Account Manager at Group Idewe
          name: Kurt Eeckhout
          ---
          :::::::
        ::::::
      :::::
    ::::
  
  #title
    ::::text-anim
    Testimonials
    ::::
  :::
::
